ABOUT US :

Success Global Services (BN #: 2802018) a subsidiary of Abayawo Success Global Investement Limited (RC #: 1828488), is a registered Real Estates firm in Nigeria with a clear focus to carry out Real Estate professional services and building constructions.

Success Global Services's management team possesses a broad range of training and experience, including architecture, engineering, construction management, real estate development, financial analysis, real estate sales and property management. This technical expertise provides the foundation for effective project leadership.

At Success Global Services, we offer our expertise and personalized techniques of managing your property. Our management concept is founded on professionalism, integrity, accountability, and quality service that guarantees the maximum return from your investment, while maintaining your property at the highest standards to attract the best tenants possible. 

Success GLobal Services is focused on providing development implementation services to real estate, corporate and institutional clients. Our strategic advantage is derived from an entrepreneurial corporate structure that delivers best-of-class services and a broad diversity of project experience with low overhead costs. This experience and efficiency allows Success Global to respond to changing market conditions and implement developments across a wide range of product types and scale, quickly and effectively.

We offer our expertise and proffessional techniques of giving you the best modern building structure at an interntional standards with an exceptional finishing.

We are reliable.. Ask us about properties anywhere in Nigeria and oversea at your budget rate. 

We survey | We design | We build.

Engage us today and you won't regret.



TEAMS :

1- Mr S.K. Bamidele  ( MD/CEO )
2- Mrs Salau S. Shakirat ( Account/Secretary )
3- Arc Taiwo Hassan ( Senior Architect )
4- Eng. Azeez ( Engineer/Project Supervisor )
5- Tech. S.A. Kashimawo ( AC Technician/ Site manager )
6- Mr Lawal Raheem ( Interior & Exterior Supervisor )